Add parameter to exclude unbinned data from post-binning steps (#708)
nf-core/mag: CHANGELOG.md

### `Added`

> - [#708](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/708) - Added `dev-exclude-unbinned` parameter to exclude unbinned contigs from post-binning processes (added by @dialvarezs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#708](https://github.com/nf-core/mag/pull/708) - Added `--exclude_unbins_from_postbinning` parameter to exclude unbinned contigs from post-binning processes, speeding up Prokka in some cases (added by @dialvarezs)
```
